Add `The Followpoint: Predominador, the Grandmaster of SS ranks` news post (#12319)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks.md

    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-lvd {
        color: #FFD1DC;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }
</style>

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Hi Predominador, thanks for joining us today! Just like in our other interviews, could you please introduce yourself for those who might not know you?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

> Hello! I am Predominador, from Brazil. I am a SS farmer in osu!catch, who recently reached 100k SS ranks! Besides SS, I also like to try to get some first places in songs I like (or any other good placement), and from time to time to try to get new medals, too! Since a decade ago, I have been adventuring myself in all game modes, and like to play all of them, but currently I am mostly playing only osu!catch! My favorite mods are HD and FL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello! I am Predominador, from Brazil. I am a SS farmer in osu!catch, who recently reached 100k SS ranks! Besides SS, I also like to try to get some first places in songs I like (or any other good placement), and from time to time to try to get new medals, too! Since a decade ago, I have been adventuring myself in all gamemodes, and like to play all of them, but currently I am mostly playing only osu!catch! My favorite mods are HD and FL.
```

Reviewer 2: it's always styled as `game modes` in wiki/news.

I got introduced in an anime-related page I used to follow in Facebook! They were kinda just recommending it, and somehow that caught my interest, so I downloaded the game the same day (23 June, 2014). My first impression of the game was very positive, it was full of songs I already knew, plus the challenging aspect of the game. Just this was needed to **catch** me and make me want to improve in osu! and keep playing it for a long time!
By the way, the image below is basically the exact post I found about osu!. I tried to find it again, but sadly I think the page is gone. Luckily I took a screenshot before, and saved it :D

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/osu_post_screenshot.jpg)

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> Out of all game modes osu! has to offer, why did you choose osu!catch?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Out of all gamemodes osu! has to offer, why did you choose osu!catch?
```

Reviewer: Not quite sure if this looks nice but its a suggestion anyway.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

> I ended up getting closer to osu!catch than other modes because I started to have more contact with osu!catch players in the past than other game modes. Another reason might be because it felt more interesting to me to see myself (don't take it literal, it's the catcher, actually) "moving" in the screen and not clicking the notes in timing, or trying to aim (skill issue). It's a different feeling I have compared to other modes. I guess it feels like dancing to the beat XD. By the way, I don't dance IRL, I am SUPER shy...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I ended up getting closer to osu!catch than other modes because I started to have more contact with osu!catch players in the past than other gamemodes. Another reason might be because it felt more interesting to me to see myself (don't take it literal, it's the catcher, actually) "moving" in the screen and not clicking the notes in timing, or trying to aim (skill issue). It's a different feeling I have compared to other modes. I guess it feels like dancing to the beat XD. By the way, I don't dance IRL, I am SUPER shy...
```

But related to that, same as what to happens in [this page](/wiki/People/Completionists), I feel it would be cool to have some page in the wiki that register players that grind other things and reach specific marks too, and when. As for example SS and Ranked Score, which are some of other things that many usually grind nowadays. Who already reached 50k SS in osu!catch and WHEN did they reach it? and in osu!? Taiko? osu!mania? I feel those things are important not only to keep history registered, but to all players that grinds other things also get recognized by their efforts too, which is usually understimated and underappreciated.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> As an osu!catch player, what are your thoughts on Lazer?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an osu!catch player, what are your thoughts on osu!(lazer)?
```

Author: Please refer to https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12103#discussion_r1761460587

Reviewer 2: @Walavouchey don't we already use `osu!(lazer)` all the time? if not, re-opening regardless to suggest a lowercase lazer for consistency with xooty's interview

```suggestion
As an osu!catch player, what are your thoughts on osu!(lazer)?
```
or
```suggestion
As an osu!catch player, what are your thoughts on lazer?
```

Reviewer 2: also whatever the consensus for this should apply to other instances of lazer here and onwards.

Reviewer 3: it should always be osu!(lazer), the exception being the interviewee's answers since those should only be changed if there are grammar issues or slightly reworded to get the point across better while not harming the original statement

Reviewer 4: osu!(lazer) predominantly, but "lazer" is fine in this context where it's specifically referring to the release stream and by no means the game itself (this isn't the case in many other posts)

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

> I didn't play that much osu!catch in Lazer, but I used to play in Lazer to play Spotlights, and I saw it getting better and better over time. It feels good to play, even though I suffer some spike lags if I don't close everything else. But this is also probably because my PC is very very old ;c

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I didn't play that much osu!catch in osu! (lazer), but I used to play Spotlights in osu!(lazer), and I saw it getting better and better over time. It feels good to play, even though I suffer some spike lags if I don't close everything else. But this is also probably because my PC is very very old ;c
```

Reviewer: Probably this sounds nice?

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Predominador, the Grandmaster of SS ranks"
date: 2024-10-21 19:00:00 +0000
series: The Followpoint
---

Have you ever wondered what's going on inside a score farmer's head? Today's your chance to find out in our latest interview!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/banner.jpg)

> osu!catch players, rejoice, as we are releasing an interview with a figure you may know, [Predominador](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537)! There are quite a few reasons you may have heard of them, from their [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) participation to reaching insane milestones, such as attaining 100,000 SS ranks, which they've achieved recently! Follow on to learn more about Predominador and their thoughts on some aspects of the game. 👀
> 
> Now, let's get to reading!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
osu!catch players, rejoice, as we are releasing an interview with a figure you may know, [Predominador](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537)! There are quite a few reasons you may have heard of them, from their [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) participation to reaching insane milestones, such as their recent achievement of attaining 100,000 SS scores!

Read on to learn more about Predominador and their thoughts on some aspects of the game. 👀
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

How did you learn about osu! and was your first impression of it?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I got introduced in an anime-related page I used to follow in Facebook! They were kinda just recommending it, and somehow that caught my interest, so I downloaded the game the same day (23 June, 2014). My first impression of the game was very positive, it was full of songs I already knew, plus the challenging aspect of the game. Just this was needed to **catch** me and make me want to improve in osu! and keep playing it for a long time!

> By the way, the image below is basically the exact post I found about osu!. I tried to find it again, but sadly I think the page is gone. Luckily I took a screenshot before, and saved it :D

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

By the way, the image below is basically the exact post I found about osu!. I tried to find it again, but sadly I think the page is gone. Luckily I took a screenshot before, and saved it :D
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

How did you feel after finally reaching this goal? Did you maybe celebrate it in any particular way?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

It was a mix of emotions, but I felt specially really relieved, because at that point I was postponing every other thing I wanted to do to avoid making it longer than it was already being (I also procrastinated a lot). Now I can continue watching Frieren \õ/ (for example)!

> About celebration, kinda. It didn't happen the way I planned, though. I was planning to reach it while livestreaming in a Discord call with some friends (and listening to them and chatting by text), which is something I even started to do, but the grind took longer than I expected. When I was getting closer, it was very late night already. And I didn't want to let it to the "next day" (it was already September 25th) because, fun fact, it was also my birthday (and this really wasn't planned, in my expectations I was supposed to reach it at most around day 10 of September)! So, even my friends said to finish it, then when I wake up again I could just rest and celebrate! They followed me in the most part of the journey, though. Not just in that day, some of them follow my progress since years, and I am very grateful for that :D

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
About celebration, kinda. It didn't happen the way I planned, though. I was planning to reach it while livestreaming in a Discord call with some friends (and listening to them and chatting by text), which is something I even started to do, but the grind took longer than I expected.

When I was getting closer, it was very late night already. And I didn't want to let it to the "next day" (it was already September 25th) because, fun fact, it was also my birthday (and this really wasn't planned, in my expectations I was supposed to reach it at most around day 10 of September)! So, even my friends said to finish it, then when I wake up again I could just rest and celebrate! They followed me in the most part of the journey, though. Not just in that day, some of them follow my progress since years, and I am very grateful for that :D
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Following up on the previous question, what are your thoughts on the current state of completionist badge?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I think that the badges are really cool, it needs to be updated more frequently, though... but PERSONALLY, I feel titles are more cool in completionist cases. It's very very unique thing to do, and it just keeps getting harder and harder to complete the game, since there are maps getting ranked everyday!

> But related to that, same as what to happens in [this page](/wiki/People/Completionists), I feel it would be cool to have some page in the wiki that register players that grind other things and reach specific marks too, and when. As for example SS and Ranked Score, which are some of other things that many usually grind nowadays. Who already reached 50k SS in osu!catch and WHEN did they reach it? and in osu!? osu!taiko? osu!mania? I feel those things are important not only to keep history registered, but to all players who grind other things also get recognized by their efforts too, which is usually underestimated and underappreciated.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

But related to that, same as what to happens in [this page](/wiki/People/Completionists), I feel it would be cool to have some page in the wiki that register players that grind other things and reach specific marks too, and when. As for example SS and Ranked Score, which are some of other things that many usually grind nowadays. Who already reached 50k SS in osu!catch and WHEN did they reach it? and in osu!? osu!taiko? osu!mania? I feel those things are important not only to keep history registered, but to all players who grind other things also get recognized by their efforts too, which is usually underestimated and underappreciated.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Are you planning on setting new achievements in the future, and if so, what would you like to achieve?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

For now, I have 2 concrete plans: to reach 101k SS, because it means reach 100k SS Silver; and to reach 1 Trillion ranked score, which is actually something I never did grind directly, it just happened to me gaining a lot due consequences of SS farming... but I think it'd be cool to reach 1 trillion (for now just syu did it), and I am already close to do both, actually. However, for now, I am prioritizing rest.

> After that, I will probably return to try to get some medals I still don't have, osu!catch exclusive maps completionist, and also improve my skill not only in osu!catch, but other game modes too. Other specific goals I will think more about in the future!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

After that, I will probably return to try to get some medals I still don't have, osu!catch exclusive maps completionist, and also improve my skill not only in osu!catch, but other game modes too. Other specific goals I will think more about in the future!
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I want to say that thanks to osu!, I had the opportunity to know some artists that their songs are very important to me, such as Mili, Porter Robinson, Aimer, Kenshi Yonezu, Camellia, Nekomata Master, and many others! 

Thanks to my friends and everyone that support me and have some consideration! And I hope I somehow inspired some of you to pursue your goals, or maybe even play osu!catch!

Even though we all have moments of stress and frustration here, it's always good to remember to prioritize having fun! This is a game, after all.

And thanks for the opportunity to be interviewed on The Followpoint, it was really an honor! I really hope you all enjoyed reading this interview! Now let's enjoy game õ/

</div>

---

Many thanks to Predominador for agreeing to this interview and their thoughtful answers! And of course, thank you so much to every one of you who support this series, it means the world to us!

> Please look forward to a new, ***very special interview*** coming out in the next three weeks, and make sure to keep an eye on the news feed! You may also follow [@The_Followpoint on Twitter](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) to see more updates and question submissions for future interviews.

Author: Sending this as a suggestion to make sure that's fine to do this. @Hiviexd 
```suggestion
Please look forward to a new, ***very special interview*** coming out in the next three weeks, and make sure to keep an eye on the news feed! You may also follow [@The_Followpoint on Twitter](https://twitter.com/The_Followpoint) (We also have a [Bluesky account](https://bsky.app/profile/thefollowpoint.megamix.dev) now!) to see more updates and question submissions for future interviews.
```

Reviewer 2: sure

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

As an osu!catch player, what are your thoughts on lazer?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

> I didn't play that much osu!catch in lazer, but I used to play in Lazer to play Spotlights, and I saw it getting better and better over time. It feels good to play now, even though I still suffer some spike lags if I don't close everything else. But this is also probably because my PC is very very old ;c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I didn't play that much osu!catch in lazer, but I used to play in lazer to play Beatmap Spotlights, and I saw it getting better and better over time. It feels good to play now, even though I still suffer some spike lags if I don't close everything else. But this is also probably because my PC is very very old ;c
```

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Predominador, the Grandmaster of SS-ranks"
date: 2024-10-21 19:00:00 +0000
series: The Followpoint
---

> Have you ever wondered what is going on inside a score farmer's head? Well, today is your chance to find out in our latest interview!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Have you ever wondered what's going on inside a score farmer's head? Today's your chance to find out in our latest interview!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/banner.jpg)

> osu!catch players, rejoice, as we are releasing an interview with a figure many of you may know, [Predominador](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537)! There are quite a few reasons you may have heard of them, from their [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) participation to reaching insane milestones, one of such being 100,000 SS ranks, which they achieved recently! And in this interview we can learn more about Predominador and their thoughts on some aspects of the game. 👀

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
osu!catch players, rejoice, as we are releasing an interview with a figure you may know, [Predominador](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537)! There are quite a few reasons you may have heard of them, from their [Beatmap Spotlights](/wiki/Beatmap_Spotlights) participation to reaching insane milestones, such as attaining 100,000 SS ranks, which they've achieved recently! Follow on to learn more about Predominador and their thoughts on some aspects of the game. 👀
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Out of all game modes osu! has to offer, why did you choose osu!catch?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I ended up getting closer to osu!catch than other modes because I started to have more contact with osu!catch players in the past than other game modes. Another reason might be because it felt more interesting to me to see myself (don't take it literal, it's the catcher, actually) "moving" in the screen and not clicking the notes in timing, or trying to aim (skill issue). It's a different feeling I have compared to other modes. I guess it feels like dancing to the beat XD. By the way, I don't dance IRL, I am SUPER shy...

> Anyways, even though I am playing mostly osu!catch currently, I already played quite a lot all other gamemodes too! Now I am playing them from time to time, but eventually I want to start playing them more often again. I'm interested in improving more in each one, not just as a general challenge, but also to have skill enough to try to get some mode-exclusive medals, hehe :p

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anyways, even though I am playing mostly osu!catch currently, I already played quite a lot all other game modes too! Now I am playing them from time to time, but eventually I want to start playing them more often again. I'm interested in improving more in each one, not just as a general challenge, but also to have skill enough to try to get some mode-exclusive medals, hehe :p
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Following up on the previous question, what are your thoughts on the current state of completionist badge?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I think that the badges are really cool, it needs to be updated more frequently, though... but PERSONALLY, I feel titles are more cool in completionist cases. It's very very unique thing to do, and it just keeps getting harder and harder to complete the game, since there are maps getting ranked everyday!

> But related to that, same as what to happens in [this page](/wiki/People/Completionists), I feel it would be cool to have some page in the wiki that register players that grind other things and reach specific marks too, and when. As for example SS and Ranked Score, which are some of other things that many usually grind nowadays. Who already reached 50k SS in osu!catch and WHEN did they reach it? and in osu!? Taiko? osu!mania? I feel those things are important not only to keep history registered, but to all players that grinds other things also get recognized by their efforts too, which is usually understimated and underappreciated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But related to that, same as what to happens in [this page](/wiki/People/Completionists), I feel it would be cool to have some page in the wiki that register players that grind other things and reach specific marks too, and when. As for example SS and Ranked Score, which are some of other things that many usually grind nowadays. Who already reached 50k SS in osu!catch and WHEN did they reach it? and in osu!? osu!taiko? osu!mania? I feel those things are important not only to keep history registered, but to all players who grind other things also get recognized by their efforts too, which is usually underestimated and underappreciated.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

[Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626) already mentioned it in [his interview](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-08-19-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher), but one of the scores I got most impressed is [Kayano Ai - Oracion (TV Size) \[Crystal's Rain\] +HDHRDT](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1930590015), by ExGon. It's one of my favorite scores, because to set a score like this you need to be absurdly great at many different aspects, such as being able to read very high AR (in this case AR11, which is AR10 + DT), having extremely good catch control, much patience, and other things.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/oracion.jpg)

> Talking about Motion, amongst many of his recent scores, I'd like to mention [VINXIS - Sidetracked Day \[Deviated\] +HDDT](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/fruits/218403624), and [Halozy - Genryuu Kaiko \[Distorted Scythe\] +HDDT](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/3543844864). His catch control and reading skill is AMAZING. The fact he only did 1 droplet miss in both is really insane! I have no idea how this is even possible. He is for sure one of the greatest players of all time!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Talking about Motion, amongst many of his recent scores, I'd like to mention [VINXIS - Sidetracked Day \[Deviated\] with HDDT](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/fruits/218403624), and [Halozy - Genryuu Kaiko \[Distorted Scythe\] with HDDT](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/3543844864). His catch control and reading skill is AMAZING. The fact he only did 1 droplet miss in both is really insane! I have no idea how this is even possible. He is for sure one of the greatest players of all time!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/sidetracked_day.jpg)
![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/genryuu_kaiko.jpg)

> I also want to mention a score from osu!std, which is [Within Temptation - The Unforgiving \[Marathon\] with FL](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/3549163348), done by [-GN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/895581). A 53 minutes map with FL, in a map that is already challenging by itself without any mods. I even have no words to say how impressive this is! Dedication and patience are the words. Never ever give up.

Reviewer 2: some formatting + wording improvements
```suggestion
I also want to mention a score from the osu! game mode, which is [Within Temptation - The Unforgiving \[Marathon\] with FL](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/3549163348), done by [-GN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/895581). A 53-minute map that is already challenging by itself without any mods, let alone with FL. I even have no words to say how impressive this is! Dedication and patience are the words. Never ever give up.
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/19ZZ.jpg)

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

If you could choose any osu! player, who would you want to meet IRL the most, and why?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

Wow, I'll be honest that this question is the hardest one for me! I am very shy, so I never thought so much about this. I could mention any of the close friends I have, but that would be way too easy (or too hard, because other friends not mentioned could get sad '-'). 

> Anyways, I feel there are many players that would be interesting to meet IRL, I think it one obvious one would be ExGon, because I really admire him and is by far my biggest inspiration to this day! A less obvious one that I'd like to meet one day (and maybe a unexpected one, since he's not from osu!catch world) is [BTMC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3171691), since from time to time I enjoy watching his livestreams and YouTube videos and he's a great std player. He seems to be really fun! But in both cases, I would barely have the courage to even ask for a photo...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anyways, I feel there are many players that would be interesting to meet IRL, I think it one obvious one would be ExGon, because I really admire him and is by far my biggest inspiration to this day! A less obvious one that I'd like to meet one day (and maybe a unexpected one, since he's not from osu!catch world) is [BTMC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3171691), since from time to time I enjoy watching his livestreams and YouTube videos and he's a great osu! player. He seems to be really fun! But in both cases, I would barely have the courage to even ask for a photo...
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Are you planning on setting new achievements in the future, and if so, what would you like to achieve?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

For now, I have 2 concrete plans: to reach 101k SS, because it means reach 100k SS Silver; and to reach 1 Trillion ranked score, which is actually something I never did grind directly, it just happened to me gaining a lot due consequences of SS farming... but I think it'd be cool to reach 1 trillion (for now just syu did it), and I am already close to do both, actually. However, for now, I am prioritizing rest.

> After that, I will probably return to try to get some medals I still don't have, osu!catch exclusive maps completionist, and also improve my skill not only in osu!catch, but other gamemodes too. Other specific goals I will think more about in the future!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, I will probably return to try to get some medals I still don't have, osu!catch exclusive maps completionist, and also improve my skill not only in osu!catch, but other game modes too. Other specific goals I will think more about in the future!
```

Finally, do you have anything else that you’d like to mention?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-21-the-followpoint-predominador-the-grandmaster-of-ss-ranks/avatar-Predominador.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4568537">Predominador</a></p>

I want to say that thanks to osu!, I had the opportunity to know some artists that their songs are very important to me, such as Mili, Porter Robinson, Aimer, Kenshi Yonezu, Camellia, Nekomata Master, and many others! 

Thanks to my friends and everyone that support me and have some consideration! And I hope I somehow inspired some of you to pursue your goals, or maybe even play osu!catch!

Even though we all have moments of stress and frustration here, it's always good to remember to prioritize having fun! This is a game, after all.

And thanks for the opportunity to be interviewed on The Followpoint, it was really an honor! I really hope you all enjoyed reading this interview! Now let's enjoy game õ/

</div>

---

> I would like to say thanks to Predominador for agreeing to this interview and their thoughtful answers! And of course thank you so much to every one of you who support this series, it means the world to us!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many thanks to Predominador for agreeing to this interview and their thoughtful answers! And of course, thank you so much to every one of you who support this series, it means the world to us!
```
